add system locking chapter (#278)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/client-configuration/pages/vhm-caasp.adoc

For more on bootstrapping, see xref:client-configuration:registration-bootstrap.adoc[].

> When you have added the {caasp} nodes to {productname}, the registered system will be locked automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you have added the {caasp} nodes to {productname}, the registered system will automatically apply the Salt formula for system locking.
```
